Let me do a quick introduction to Bootstrap before we go on to
learn how to make use of Bootstrap in designing our website.
If you go to the Bootstrap webpage,
you will see that Bootstrap claims to be the most popular HTML, CSS,
and JavaScript based framework that is in use today and specially designed
for developing responsive mobile first websites.
Indeed, Bootstrap stands up to its claim as the most popular framework.
It supports a number of CSS classes that enable you to design radius,
web components very effectively.
It supports consistent typography to be used on your webpage for rendering content.
It supports many different kinds of that components like buttons,
tables, navigation bars, modals,
images, carousels, and many other,
as well as many JavaScript enabled competence.
This enables you to design responsive websites with the mobile first approach.
We will talk more about this in the next lesson.
Bootstrap originated around 2011.
It was created by these two people from Twitter.
Hence, you might often hear people talking about Bootstrap as Twitter Bootstrap.
Mark Otto and Jacob Thornton from Twitter designed
Bootstrap for their own internal use and then ended up releasing
it for the rest of the web development community to use for consistent website design.
The current production version of Bootstrap is 4.0.
If you had taken my earlier specialization on Coursera,
I have dealt with Bootstrap 3.3.7 in the earlier Bootstrap course.
Now, it's time to move on to
our first exercise where we will get our hands dirty with Bootstrap.